ain't:am not
aren't:are not
'cause:because
can't:can not
can't've:can not have
could've:could have
couldn't:could not
couldn't've:could not have
didn't:did not
don't:do not
doesn't:does not
hadn't:had not
hadn't've:had not have
hasn't:has not
haven't:have not
he'd:he would
he's:he is
he'll:he shall
he'll've:he shall have
he'd've:he would have
how's:how is
how'll:how will
I'm:I am
I'd:I would
I've:I have
I'll:I shall
I'll've:I shall have
I'd've:I would have
isn't:is not
it'd:it would
it's:it is
it'll:it will
it'll've:it shall have
it'd've:it would have
let's:let us
ma'am:madam
might've:might have
mightn't:might not
mightn't've:might not have
must've:must have
mustn't:must not
mustn't've:must not have
needn't:need not
o'clock:of the clock
oughtn't:ought not
oughtn't've:ought not have
shan't:shall not
shan't've:shall not have
she'd:she would
she's:she is
she'll:she shall
she'll've:she shall have
she'd've:she would have
should've:should have
shouldn't:should not
shouldn't've:should not have
so's:so as
that's:that is
there'd:there would
there's:there is
they're:they are
they'd:they would
they've:they have
they'll:they shall
they'll've:they shall have
to've:to have
wasn't:was not
we're:we are
we'd:we would
we've:we have
we'll:we shall
we'll've:we will have
weren't:were not
what're:what are
what's:what is
what've:what have
what'll:what shall
what'll've:what shall have
when's:when is
when've:when have
where'd:where would
where's:where is
where've:where have
who's:who is
who've:who have
who'll:who shall
who'll've:who shall have
why's:why is
will've:will have
won't:will not
won't've:will not have
would've:would have
wouldn't:would not
wouldn't've:would not have
y'all:you all
y'all're:you all are
y'all've:you all have
y'all'd've:you all would have
you're:you are
you'd:you would
you've:you have
you'll:you shall
you'll've:you shall have
you'd've:you would have
You're:You are
Hadn't've:Had not have
We're:We are
Oughtn't've:Ought not have
What's:What is
Who's:Who is
When's:When is
Mightn't've:Might not have
Ain't:Am not
We've:We have
Aren't:Are not
Must've:Must have
You'd've:You would have
Would've:Would have
I'd:I would
Weren't:Were not
So's:So as
I'm:I am
Don't:Do not
Should've:Should have
They'll've:They shall have
Where've:Where have
There'd:There would
There's:There is
To've:To have
O'clock:Of the clock
Oughtn't:Ought not
It'd:It would
Who'll:Who shall
Might've:Might have
They've:They have
Hasn't:Has not
You'll:You will
Could've:Could have
Will've:Will have
What've:What have
Isn't:Is not
Y'all:You all
She'll:She will
You'd:You would
I'll've:I shall have
Where'd:Where did
Wouldn't:Would not
Won't:Will not
We'd:We would
Couldn't:Could not
Shan't:Shall not
He'll've:He shall have
Who'll've:Who shall have
How's:How is
Needn't:Need not
It's: It is
Wouldn't've:Would not have
Shouldn't:Should not
They'll:They shall
He'd've:He would have
Haven't:Have not
Who've:Who have
Mightn't:Might not
I've:I have
Where's:Where is
They'd:They would
What'll:What shall
What'll've:What shall have
I'd've:I would have
You've:You have
She'd've:She would have
We'll:We shall
Wasn't:Was not
She'd:She would
Can't've:Can not have
Won't've:Will not have
She's:She is
Can't:Can not
That's:That is
I'll:I shall
Why's:Why is
Here's:Here is
here's:here is
Shouldn't've:Should not have
She'll've:She will have
Y'all've:You all have
How'll:How will
Doesn't:Does not
Y'all'd've:You all would have
When've:When have
It'd've:It would have
He's:He is
He'd:He had
Ma'am:Madam
Y'all're:You all are
Shan't've:Shall not have
What're:What are
Let's:Let us
Hadn't:Had not
He'll:He shall
They're:They are
Mustn't've:Must not have
It'll've:It shall have
We'll've:We shall have
Couldn't've:Could not have
'cause:Because
You'll've:You will have
Mustn't:Must not
It'll:It shall
Didn't:Did not
